Feature/TTC-114 Update docs, github flow, golangci (#71)
titantkx/titan: tests/e2e/cmd/README.md

go test github.com/titantkx/titan/tests/e2e/cmd -v
```

### Upgrade test

1. Update `UpgradeName` with new upgrade name in `tests/e2e/cmd/setup/upgrade/setup.go`.

2. Update `image` in `tests/e2e/cmd/setup/upgrade/docker-compose-genesis.yml` is old titand version.

3. Run test

    ```shell
    make test-e2e-upgrade
    ```

### Upgrade test from an exported genesis file

1. Update `UpgradeName` with new upgrade name in `tests/e2e/cmd/setup/upgrade-from-genesis/setup.go`.

> 2. Update `image` in `tests/e2e/cmd/setup/upgrade-from-genesis/docker-compose-genesis.yml` is old titand version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set `image` in `tests/e2e/cmd/setup/upgrade-from-genesis/docker-compose-genesis.yml` to the titand version you want to upgrade from.
```
